VAULT-22483: Audit `filter` docs (#24903)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/audit/enable.mdx

- `-path` `(string: "")` - Place where the audit device will be accessible. This
  must be unique across all audit devices. This defaults to the "type" of the
  audit device.

> There are a set of [common options](/vault/docs/audit#common-configuration-options)
> which can be applied to all types of audit device.
> 
> For more details, please see the relevant page for an audit device `type`, under
> [Audit Devices docs](/vault/docs/audit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All audit devices support a
[common set of options](/vault/docs/audit#common-configuration-options), for
more details, refer to the specific audit device type in the
[Audit Devices](/vault/docs/audit) overview.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, simplify sentence structure when possible
